Here are the answers to the questions about Python programming:

Who developed Python Programming Language?

Python was developed by Guido van Rossum and was first released in 1991.
Which type of Programming does Python support?

Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including procedural, object-oriented, and functional programming.
Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?

Yes, Python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers. For example, Variable and variable would be considered different identifiers.
What is the correct extension of the Python file?

The correct extension for a Python file is .py.
Is Python code compiled or interpreted?

Python code is interpreted. It is executed line by line by the Python interpreter.
Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?

The common blocks of code used to define in Python are functions (def), classes (class), loops (for, while), and conditional statements (if, elif, else).
State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?

The character used to give single-line comments in Python is the hash symbol (#).
Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on.

You can use the following functions to find the version of Python you are currently working on:
python
Copy code
import sys
print(sys.version)
print(sys.version_info)
Additionally, you can use the python --version or python -V command in the terminal.
Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called

Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime using a construct called lambda.
What does pip stand for in Python?

pip stands for "Pip Installs Packages" or "Pip Installs Python". It is a package management system used to install and manage software packages written in Python.
Mention a few built-in functions in Python?

Some built-in functions in Python include print(), len(), type(), int(), str(), sum(), max(), min(), abs(), list(), and dict().
What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?

The maximum possible length of an identifier in Python is not explicitly defined, but it is generally up to 79 characters for readability purposes according to PEP 8 guidelines.
What are the benefits of using Python?

Benefits of using Python include:
Easy to read and write syntax
Extensive standard library
Support for multiple programming paradigms
Strong community support
Compatibility with major platforms and systems
High-level data structures
Dynamic typing and automatic memory management
How is memory managed in Python?

Memory management in Python is handled by Python's own memory manager. The management involves:
Private heap space where all Python objects and data structures are located
Built-in garbage collector that recycles all the unused memory to make it available for heap space
How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?

To install Python on Windows:
Download the Python installer from the official Python website.
Run the installer and check the box that says "Add Python to PATH" during installation.
Follow the installation prompts.
To set the PATH variables manually:
Open the Start Search, type in "environment variables", and select "Edit the system environment variables".
In the System Properties window, click on the "Environment Variables" button.
In the Environment Variables window, locate the "Path" variable in the "System variables" section and click on "Edit".
Click on "New" and add the path to the Python installation directory (e.g., C:\Python39).
Click OK to save the changes.
Is indentation required in Python?

Yes, indentation is required in Python. It is used to define the blocks of code. Proper indentation is crucial for the correct interpretation of the code structure by the Python interpreter.





